All the changes I made 
If you have any queries or any othe change suggestion please refer these numbers
NOTE - All the new css files created (Table.module.css, createNewRecords.css) are vibe coded

1) In Table.tsx I have created it as a table having colunms 
S.No	Name	BITS ID	Email	Date	Category    Added By    Verified Status
    The Category again have 8 options, Added by have Student and Training Unit Options and Verified Status have yes /no options
    These I will allow them to sort in the backend files 

2) The createNewRecords acts both to search the record or create new record
    The createNewRecords function as both a search and a record creation system. 
        (i)Say a student initiated Record Request (say a hacathon)
            When a student submits a request for training point verification:
                The record is automatically goes into the “New Student Request” tab.
                The verification status at this stage is set to "No".
            TU Actions from “New Student Request”:
                If TU Accept →
                    Status changes to “Verified – Yes”
                    Record moves to the “Previous Verifications” tab.
                If TU reject (maybe with reason) →
                    Status changes to “Rejected”
                    Record moves to “Pending Records for Verification” (separate filtered view).
                    Student is notified with the rejection reason and allowed to modify/resubmit.

        (ii)Say TU initiated Record Creation
            When TU creates a record directly (say speaker session):
            TU enters the student’s ID in Overview tab.
            If the ID already exists:
                The “Search” button changes to “Modify”, in the overview tab redirecting to the "Pending records for verification" Tab.
            If creating a new entry(i.e. if the ID doesnt exist):
                The "Search" button changes to “Add New”, in the Overview tab, add we will get a pop-up a form like in tab window to make new record.
                Records created directly by TU are automatically verified (“Yes”)
                These records immediately appear in the “Previous Verifications” tab.
    
3) Sugegsted Tab Structue :
    
    *Overview* Tab*
        Displays the all latest records. (sorted by date)
        Will have options to sort by Category, verification status and the person who created.
        Also is the place where TU will create a new record. And also search for any record.
    
    *New Student Request* Tab 
        Contains newly submitted student requests awaiting TU decision.
    
    *Pending Records for Verification* Tab
        Shows only:
            Status = “Pending” (Pending is when TU need to take some action after student adding it from his end) or 
            Status = “Rejected” (Rejected is when student need to take some corrections)
        Helps in tracking incomplete or student-actionable items.
    
    *Previous Verifications* Tab
        Stores all finalized (accepted) records only.
        This acts as a permanent audit log. (will be helpful to pull a student's horoscope)
 --> In overview only we van add either for individual or group of people
